We learned three process models (waterfall, incremental development, and integrate and configure).  Each describes the timeline and process for the development phase, including high-level design and development tasks.  Your job for this assignment is to do a preliminary process model diagram/description using each of the three.   
 
For waterfall, show the beginning-to-end tasks. For incremental, choose what you feel is a starting point of the first iteration, then show what would get added with each phase of incrementation.  For integrate and configure, look online for pieces that you could use (databases, user interfaces, etc.) and describe how you would use/integrate/configure them.  You should cite anything you find. For each, include a proposed timeline for each stage/iteration. 

Water fall method: the following method should complete the whole process till repeat the process.
Step 1: requirement definition – feasibility study, produce documents.
Step 2: system and software design – design only. Component design, architectural, interface, database design.
Step 3: Implementation + unit testing – writing code, create database, test components individually automated.
Step 4: System testing – put all together and integrate and test again.
Step 5: Operation and maintenance – let the user use the system, then debug when needed.
//feel like we can build off these ideas overall

Incremental method: 
First version - the system should list all the students, instructors, and admin. Then implement and test.
next version: add in email and phone number 
Next version - add in Major for students, ID,. Then implement and test.
Next version - add in courses. Then implement and test.
Next version - add in schedules. Then implement and test.


Integrate and configure: this process is based on reuse and reference from it.

  
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/c-program-to-create-and-print-database-of-students-using-structure/

This code is to create a database in C by using for loop and pointer to insert data in array. This code is a very simplified version of a database and useful to learn. This code can be used as a reference to create a database. In the code first ask user to put their first name, last name, branch, roll number, and percentage and these information is added to the each array and below “Displaying the Information:  ”, the all information of data will be displayed. 
